Going live with sf 27102022 (#1449)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/store-management/go-live.md

## Go live scenarios

When it comes to the VTEX ecosystem, there are a few different scenarios in which you may wish to launch a new store or storefront.

If you are Launching a new store built with Store Framework or migrating from another ecommerce platform, follow the [instructions below](#step-by-step).

If you already have an active VTEX store running the [Legacy CMS Portal](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/1oN446gRGcR2s70RvBCAmj) and wish to migrate your storefront to Store Framework, see the guide on [migrating from Legacy CMS Portal to Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-migrating-storefront-from-legacy-to-io).

We do not recommend launching a new VTEX store using [Legacy CMS Portal](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/1oN446gRGcR2s70RvBCAmj). However, if that is your case, see this article on [setting up DNS pointing](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-dns-pointing-to-vtex). Consider [migrating to Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-migrating-storefront-from-legacy-to-io).

> ℹ️
>

> > Learn more about [VTEX CMS options](https://help.vtex.com/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z).

Reviewer: Eu consideraria toda essa parte inicial da doc como sendo a capa de uma seção "Going live".
Acho que seria interessante trazer essa parte de **Go live scenarios** em um formato mais sucinto, talvez de lista, indicando as respectivas docs. Exemplo:

When going live with your Store Framework website, consider the following guides according to your scenario:
- [Launching your VTEX store from scratch.](doc)
- [Migrating from another ecommerce platform.](doc)
- [Migrating from the Legacy CMS Portal.](doc)

## Step by step

To go live with your VTEX store, built with [Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-what-is-vtex-store-framework), follow these steps:
1. [Set account edition](#step-1---set-account-edition)
2. [Register host](#step-2---register-host)
3. [Request internal DNS pointing](#step-3---request-internal-pointing)
4. [Set up regular DNS pointing](#step-4---set-up-dns-pointing)

> ⚠️
>

> > Some of the steps below are time sensitive. Plan the complete go live process in advance taking that into consideration.

Reviewer: Quantos dias antes aproxidamente?
Sugestão:
Consider planning the entire go-live process **at least X months in advance**, as some of the steps below are time-sensitive.

> ### Setp 1 - Set account edition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1 - Setting the Edition app
```

> When developing with Store Framework, you must request the installation of the `vtex.edition-store@5.x` [Edition app](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app) to be able to perform tests and go live. Make this request to the VTEX team via [support ticket](https://help.vtex.com/en/support).

Reviewer: Acho que pode usar uma linguagem mais direta aqui. 

1. Open a support ticket, requesting the installation... in the `master` workspace.

> ℹ️
>

> > Once you have installed the appropriate edition app in the master [workspace](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-workspace) of your account, other workspaces you create will be created with the same edition app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Once the Store Edition is installed in the master [workspace](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-workspace) of your account, all new workspaces you create will use this same Edition app.
```

Reviewer: O que acontece com os workspaces que já existiam?

You can check the Edition app installed in any given workspace by running the following command in your terminal: `vtex edition get`. Please refer to [Edition apps](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app) for further information.

> ### Step 2 - Register host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2 - Registering the store's domain
```

> Before Setting up DNS pointing register your domain as your store's host. Learn more about how to [configure your store's host](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-domains-in-license-manager--tutorials_2450).

Reviewer: Achei esse trecho confuso, porque já começa com "before" e não explica o que será, de fato, feito nesta etapa. Sugestão:

Configure your store's host as presented in this guide to ensure that shoppers will be directed to your new VTEX store.

... Mas antes disso acho que vale mencionar que a pessoa precisaria criar um domínio em algum domain provider e que ela já precisa ser dona dele... já que esse vai ser o domínio que vai estar disponível para o usuário final.

> ### Step 3 - Request internal DNS pointing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3 - Requesting internal DNS pointing
```

Once you have registered your store's main domain as described above, you must request VTEX internal DNS pointing change for Store Framework via [support ticket](https://help.vtex.com/en/support). When opening your ticket keep in mind that you must:

> - Make it clear that you wish to Go live in the title of the ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make it clear that you wish to go live in the title of the ticket.
```

- Indicate a time from 9 to 17 BRT (UTC-3) for the internal pointing change to happen.

> - Schedule the change at least three business days in advance.

Reviewer: Para dar mais ênfase, esta parte pode vir na descrição da ação.
Three business days before your planned go-live date, open a support ticket.....

- Indicate whether or not your store has any [trade policy conditional rules](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/criar-uma-politica-comercial--563tbcL0TYKEKeOY4IAgAE).

> When you receive confirmation of the internal DNS pointing, you have five days to [set up regular DNS pointing](#step-4---set-up-dns-pointing). If you do not set up DNS pointing within this period your internal pointing will be automatically excluded and you will need to request it again as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you receive a successful reply from the support ticket, you have five days to [set up regular DNS pointing](#step-4---set-up-dns-pointing). Otherwise, your internal pointing will be automatically excluded and you will need to request it again, as described above.
```

> ### Step 4 - Set up DNS pointing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4 - Setting up DNS pointing
```

> Within five days of the confirmation of [internal DNS pointing](#step-4---set-up-dns-pointing) you must set up regular DNS pointing. To do this, follow the steps in [Setting up DNS pointing to VTEX](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-dns-pointing-to-vtex--tutorials_4280).

Reviewer: Acho válido explicar esses dois steps de forma mais unificada, talvez juntar como um único step e explicar um pouco melhor o que está sendo feito.

Reviewer: A parte final ficou um pouco repetitiva, o que pode gerar até alguma confusão.

> > ℹ️

Reviewer: Acho que pode ser warning mesmo - porque seria o caso de um comportamento inesperado
